#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiofiles==22.1.0
    # via ypy-websocket
aiosqlite==0.20.0
    # via ypy-websocket
anyio==3.2.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
async-generator==1.10
    # via nbclient
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   markdown-it-py
    #   pytest
babel==2.15.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
bash-kernel==0.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
bleach==3.3.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via requests
cffi==1.14.5
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.0.1
    # via pip-tools
coverage==5.5
    # via nbval
cycler==0.10.0
    # via matplotlib
decorator==5.0.9
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
fastjsonschema==2.20.0
    # via nbformat
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==8.0.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-ydoc
    #   jupyterlab-server
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via jsonschema
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
ipykernel==5.5.5
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbval
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==7.24.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==7.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.18.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
json5==0.9.6
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==7.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbval
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.4.0
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via jupyter-server-fileid
jupyter-server==1.24.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server-fileid
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
jupyter-server-fileid==0.9.2
    # via jupyter-server-ydoc
jupyter-server-ydoc==0.8.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-ydoc==0.2.5
    # via
    #   jupyter-server-ydoc
    #   jupyterlab
jupyterlab==3.6.7
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.1.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.24.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyterlab-widgets==1.0.0
    # via ipywidgets
jupytext==1.11.3
    # via -r requirements.in
kiwisolver==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
lxml==5.2.2
    # via nbconvert
markdown-it-py[plugins]==1.1.0
    # via
    #   jupytext
    #   mdit-py-plugins
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
matplotlib-inline==0.1.2
    # via ipython
mdit-py-plugins==0.2.8
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
nbclassic==0.3.1
    # via jupyterlab
nbclient==0.5.3
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.5.4
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupytext
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbval
    #   notebook
nbval==0.9.6
    # via -r requirements.in
nest-asyncio==1.5.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
notebook==6.4.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   widgetsnbextension
numpy==1.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
openpyxl==3.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
pandas==1.2.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pandocfilters==1.4.3
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.2
    # via jedi
pep517==0.10.0
    # via pip-tools
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via
    #   bash-kernel
    #   ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==8.2.0
    # via matplotlib
pip-tools==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via jsonschema
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via jupyter-core
plotly==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.11.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.19
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
py==1.10.0
    # via pytest
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pygments==2.9.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via matplotlib
pyrsistent==0.17.3
    # via jsonschema
pytest==6.2.4
    # via nbval
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupytext
pyzmq==26.0.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.1.0
    # via jupyter
qtpy==1.9.0
    # via qtconsole
requests==2.32.3
    # via jupyterlab-server
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
send2trash==1.7.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   cycler
    #   nbval
    #   plotly
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   tenacity
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
tenacity==7.0.0
    # via plotly
terminado==0.10.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   jupytext
    #   pep517
    #   pytest
tomli==2.0.1
    # via jupyterlab
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.61.1
    # via -r requirements.in
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240316
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via aiosqlite
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.5
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.6.0
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
wheel==0.36.2
    # via pip-tools
widgetsnbextension==3.5.1
    # via ipywidgets
xmltodict==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
y-py==0.6.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-ydoc
    #   ypy-websocket
ypy-websocket==0.8.4
    # via jupyter-server-ydoc
zipp==3.19.2
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
